Bundle jersey-cdi-rs-inject to allow @Inject of Jakarta REST artifacts (#26079)
eclipse-ee4j/glassfish: docs/release-notes/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes.adoc

> //

Reviewer: We don't add copyright headers to adoc files, please remove this header.

* xref:embedded-server-guide.adoc#running-from-command-line[Runnable Embedded GlassFish JAR] (since {productName} 7.0.18)
* xref:administration-guide.adoc#log-executed-admin-commands[Admin Command Logger] (since {productName} 7.0.16)
* https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/glassfish/discussions/25343[SSH nodes on Windows] via the native Windows SSH service (since {productName} 7.0.23)

> * xref:application-development-guide.adoc#injecting-jakarta-rest-artifacts-with-cdi[CDI injection of Jakarta REST artifacts] using `@Inject` via the bundled Jersey `jersey-cdi-rs-inject` extension (since {productName} {product-majorVersion}.0.4)

Reviewer: Version 8.0.4 should never change, while {product-majorVersion} will change when Glassfish 9 is released.

```suggestion
* xref:application-development-guide.adoc#injecting-jakarta-rest-artifacts-with-cdi[CDI injection of Jakarta REST artifacts] using `@Inject` via the bundled Jersey `jersey-cdi-rs-inject` extension (since {productName} 8.0.4)
```
